PR: Add support to build pull request previews with Netlify (#168)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

**NOTE:** You can try to use the `make` commands on Windows if you have `make` installed and something like `Cygwin`, `MSYS2` or `MYSYS`, or by using Windows Subsystem for Linux (`WSL`).

## Configuring Netlify

> The steps to configure Netlify to preview pull requests are the following:

Reviewer: I was a little confused...where do these steps go, exactly? Just copying and pasting the exact literals into some field on the Netlify site, or what?

Author: Yes, they need to be declared in the Netlify site.

* Pass a command to build the docs. In our case that command is

      ci/install.sh && make docs

* Pass the root directory of the generated docs. In our case that is

>       doc/_build/html/

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
1. Pass a command to build the docs:

```bash
ci/install.sh && make docs
```

2. Pass the root directory of the generated docs:

```bash
doc/_build/html/
```
~~~

I'm guessing this should be an ordered list. Also, used standard GFM literal blocks for consistency with the rest of the guide and to add bash syntax highlighting, and simplified the sentences a little.

*NOTES*:

* The `runtime.txt` file in the root of the repo is needed by Netlify to declare the Python version required to build the docs.

> * By default Netlify adds a lot of checks to pull requests, besides the one that actually allows to preview their changes live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, Netlify adds a lot of checks to pull requests, besides the one that actually builds the live preview.
```

Fixed some grammar issues and clarified the phrasing

Reviewer: Are you sure none of these checks are useful for us?

Author: We can check later.

> To remove those extra checks, you need to go to the `Build and deploy` configuration entry, then to the `Outgoing notifications` section, and remove all commit notifications that don't start by `Add Deploy Preview`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To remove those extra checks, you need to go to the `Build and deploy` configuration entry, then to the `Outgoing notifications` section, and remove all commit notifications that don't start with `Add Deploy Preview`.
```

Fix grammar and make indent match its corresponding bullet.
